Add properties to show selected columns in copy-number and structural variant tables on init (#9960)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/deployment/customization/portal.properties-Reference.md

skin.mutation_table.namespace_column.show_by_default=
```

### Default visible columns on init in Mutation, Copy-Number and Structural Variant Tables

Define the columns that are going to be visible in the Mutation, Copy-Number and Structural Variant Tables on the Patient View and the Mutation Table in the Results View. The `skin.mutation_table.namespace_column.show_by_default` takes precedence over these settings for namespace columns.
```

> # skin.results_view.mutation_table.columns.show_on_init=
> # skin.patient_view.mutation_table.columns.show_on_init=
> # skin.patient_view.copy_number_table.columns.show_on_init=
> # skin.patient_view.structural_variant_table.columns.show_on_init=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
skin.results_view.mutation_table.columns.show_on_init=
skin.patient_view.mutation_table.columns.show_on_init=
skin.patient_view.copy_number_table.columns.show_on_init=
skin.patient_view.structural_variant_table.columns.show_on_init=
```

Author: @inodb Thanks for the suggestion. I've fixed the code and rebased the PR.

skin.mutation_table.namespace_column.show_by_default=
```

### Default visible columns on init in Mutation, Copy-Number and Structural Variant Tables

> Define the columns that are going to be visible in the Mutation Copy-Number and Structural Variant Tables on the Patient View and the Results View. If namespace columns are set to visible by default, they will also be shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the columns that are going to be visible in the Mutation, Copy-Number and Structural Variant Tables on the Patient View and the Results View. The `skin.mutation_table.namespace_column.show_by_default` takes precedence over these settings for namespace columns.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, the text states:

> the Patient View and the Results View

I do not see properties for Results View CNA and SV tables. Did you forget about these?

Author: @pvannierop There are no CNA and SV tables in the Results View. I have clarified this in the documentation while implementing your suggestions.
